# Credit-Card-Fraud-Detection
Credit Card Fraud can be defined as a case where a person uses someone else’scredit card for personal reasons while the owner and the card issuing authoritiesare unaware of the fact that the card is being used.Due to rise and acceleration of E- Commerce, there has been a tremendous use of credit cards for online shopping which led to High amount of frauds relatedto credit cards. In the era of digitalization, the need to identify credit card fraudsis .Fraud detection involves monitoring and analyzing the behavior of various users in order to estimate detect or avoid undesirable behavior. In order to identify credit card fraud detection effectively, we need to understand the various technologies, algorithms and types involved in detecting credit card frauds. Algorithm can differentiate transactions which are fraudulent or not. Find fraud, they need to passed dataset and knowledge of fraudulent transaction. They analyze the dataset and classify all transactions. Fraud detection involves monitoring the activities of populations of users inorder to estimate, perceive or avoid objectionable behavior, which consist offraud, intrusion, and defaulting.Machine learning algorithms are employed to analyses all the authorizedtransactions and report the suspicious ones. These reports are investigated byprofessionals who contact the cardholders to confirm if the transaction wasgenuine or fraudulent.The investigators provide a feedback to the automated system which is used totrain and update the algorithm to eventually improve the fraud-detectionperformance over time.
